In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
Just a normal girl,
with a normal life.
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because I've got a secret.
♪ Miraculous, simply the best
♪ Up to the test
when things go wrong
♪ Miraculous, the luckiest
♪ The power of love
always so strong
♪ Miraculous
♪ Miraculous ♪
Tikki, I'm so confused!
These riddles
Fu translated are too cryptic!
Their meanings are hidden
to protect the secret
of our magic powers.
Yeah, but what good does it do
if even the Guardian
can't figure them out?
Fu had trouble
with the first ones.
Remember, you were the one who
helped him with the Aqua Power.
You're right!
I'm gonna figure this out!
- (Laughter)
- What are you doing?
Paris is getting ready to
celebrate Prince Ali's birthday.
This special report
on the life of Adrien Agreste.
- Adrien!
- We were able to spend the day
with this famous young model.
Perfect! Just stunning!
Mwah!
I need a smile more al dente!
How much wood
would a woodchuck chuck
if it could chuck wood?
Not bad. But could you do it
for me with a bit more
orange?
- (Chuckles)
- Ah! What a fascinating life!
- (Sighs) What a boring day!
- Without even a lunch break!
Ridiculous!
Finally, free at last!
Plagg, claws out!
What? Oh, no!
(Laughs)
Woohoo! Ha, ha!
Bugaboo?
Hi! It's Ladybug.
Leave a message.
Hey, Bugaboo! Well, here I am,
your faithful companion,
at our rendez-vous point.
It's time for our daily patrol.
I hope you haven't forgotten?
(Groans)
(Humming)
No messages.
Don't forget my cheese.
What can she be doing?
Hi! It's Ladybug.
Leave a message.
Maybe it's because now,
since you're the Guardian,
you've got
more important things to do,
but no biggie!
I'm just the cat for this job!
I'll start without you.
See you later! Let me know!
TOURISTS: Cat Noir!
Cat Noir! Cat Noir! Cat Noir!
Time for some action! Finally!
Cat Noir! Cat Noir!
- Thank you, Cat Noir!
- At your service!
PLAGG: No messages.
Don't forget my cheese.
(Whistling)
So, Mr Banana,
life's peachy huh?
Peachy. Banana. Get it?
Forget it.
So, Mister Ramier,
it's been a while
since you were akumatized.
Don't you miss being Mr Pigeon?
You haven't been feeling
depressed, desperate or angry?
Annoyed maybe?
Not even a little perturbed?
Thank you for asking, Cat Noir,
but I am in the best of spirits.
I guess I'm outta here, then.
Say hello
to the lovely Ladybug for me.
Sure thing. If I ever see her.
PLAGG: No messages.
Don't forget my cheese!
A glass of milk as usual,
Mr Cat Noir?
How is Miss Ladybug?
I haven't seen her for a while.
It's been
a little quiet recently.
That purse was my life, Sabrina,
and you have gone and lost it!
You are forbidden
to speak to me ever again!
- But Chloé...
- Shh! No talking! Zip it!
- But --
- Shh! Zip it!
And don't even look at me
either! Hands over your eyes.
Oh!
Something tells me an akuma
is going to show up.
Oh, my purse! You dingbat! You
could've said I was wearing it!
I wasn't allowed
to speak to you!
And you still aren't! Shh!
(Sighs)
Make that a large milk, pal.
PLAGG: No messages.
Don't forget my --
Hi! It's Ladybug.
Leave a message.
Hi again, Bugaboo.
Guess who this is.
Give up?
It's the guy you stood up!
Never let yourself be weak,
Mother!
- I know that lesson well.
- And never be... ?
Taken by surprise!
Don't apply this to fencing.
You'll never be
as good as Adrien.
Adrien? Don't worry, Mother.
I've got everything I need
to succeed with him.
Patrol's over, Bugaboo.
Claws in!
So, your favourite cheese
is missing
and it's as if the others
don't exist? Try another type.
You might be surprised
how much you like it.
(Incoming message)
Miss Kagami Tsurugi called
to inform you
that your fencing lesson will be
one hour earlier this week.
Thank you, Nathalie.
Kagami, Kagami...
All these scheduling changes
are annoying,
but you can fit in
another hour of Russian.
Yes, Mother.
All these scheduling changes
are annoying.
When you get home, make sure you
try on the outfit
for your next photo shoot.
Yes, Father.
Kagami? Adrien? Your fencing
class doesn't start for an hour.
And Mr d'Argencourt
isn't here yet.
Oh! Really? I was sure I wrote
down the correct hour this time.
I'm sorry, but you can't --
Stay at school without
adult supervision? No problem.
We'll come back for the class
in an hour.
What are you up to this time?
The Arts and Crafts room?
What are you planning
to do in here?
I've never told this to anyone,
but... I love to draw.
I always have.
Drawings never lie.
The poses people make always
reflect their personality.
But she won't let me do it.
According to her,
I'm not good enough.
You're super talented, Kagami!
- You really think so?
- Mmm-hmm.
Pose for me.
I want to sketch you.
- How do you want me to pose?
- However makes you comfortable.
I admire Toulouse-Lautrec.
I'd like to draw you
like the characters he painted.
He often signed with a monogram
like many Japanese artists did.
This isn't right. It's not you.
- Can I see it?
- Try a different pose.
It should be easy to sketch you,
'cause you're handsome.
But I want to capture
the real you inside.
No. Still not good.
Change again.
These are all modelling poses.
Try something
that's more natural, more you.
What about "Miaow"?
Uh, I mean, now? Heh, heh.
No. You're not at all natural.
Yes, I am. I promise.
- This is me.
- No.
That's you
when you're being silly.
And what if when I'm
being silly, I'm really me?
There. This is really you.
- Do you really think?
- Yes, you're... perfect.
(Phones ring)
Now it's really time
for our fencing class.
En garde! Prêts!
Allez!
- Touché.
- En garde!
Uh... Sorry. I forgot something
back in the locker room!
Just like always,
it's time for our daily patrol.
- I hope you haven't forgotten.
- Bugaboo!
Cat Noir?
Aaah!
Huh?
Will you quit
your practical jokes?
- I could've really hurt you!
- What really hurts me
is when you make me
patrol by myself.
(Sighs) I even missed
your little angry pout!
Sorry, Kittycat. I'm a bit
over my head at the moment.
I bet!
Guardian of the Miraculous.
Big name, big responsibility!
I promise to not forget
our patrols again.
Woohoo!
Kagami!
I gotta get going.
My father is probably worried!
(Phone buzzes)
Bye, guys.
Uh, forgot some things in
my classroom! Call you later!
Tatsu, let's go!
Whee!
- Yeah!
- (Cheering)
I got it all on video, dude!
You guys were awesome.
I wasn't, Nino.
I messed up the intro.
We can go over it again
if you want, Adrien.
- Yeah, let's play it again!
- Adrien! It's time!
- Five more minutes?
- Nnn-nnn.
Well, I'll be better next time.
I promise. See you, guys.
Our cars aren't here yet.
That's too bad. We could have
played the song again!
But this way we have
a little time together.
We'll have plenty of time
together at the birthday.
Together
just the two of us, I mean.
I'm so happy when I'm with you.
I have a feeling
we're a lot alike.
Do you feel the same way?
Do you also... ?
Sorry, I thought I saw a wasp!
- Do you love me, too?
- Excuse me?
Adrien, what's going on?
I forgot something on the barge,
when my bag fell.
Don't wait up for me! Let's meet
up at Prince Ali's birthday!
Tatsu,
take me to the City Hall.
I hope we can still
celebrate Ali's birthday.
Fancy parties always have
the best cheese boards!
Later. But right now Ladybug
needs me. Plagg, claws out!
Hawk Moth's merged his power
with the Peacock's.
He created a supervillain
and a Sentimonster.
I need you out here!
Now you must tell the truth to
anyone who asks you a question.
I'll do the honours.
Who are you, Ladybug?
- am...
- A super swimmer!
Dear Prince Ali,
on behalf of the city of Paris,
we all wish you
a very happy birthday!
Didn't I arrange with Mr Agreste
that his son
would accompany you here?
Oh, um, he's here, Mother.
A journalist is interviewing him
outside.
I'll go and find him.
Woohoo! Milady, it's been a
while since I had that much fun!
(Laughs) If battling
a supervillain with three eyes
and a giant monster-buddy
is your idea of fun,
What are your other days like?
A baddie, a Sentimonster
and Shadow Moth?
It's even more exciting
with his new name.
He can change his name as often
as he likes, he'll never win.
You can count on me
and my jokes, Bugaboo!
Well,
you don't have to overdo it!
Truth is, I only ever have
this much fun with you.
Catch you later! Whee!
Claws in.
Kagami? I hope I didn't
keep you waiting too long.
And I hope you found
what you were looking for.
- Huh?
- Back at the barge?
Uh, on the barge, right.
Yeah. I found it, thank you!
- What was it?
- Oh, you know.
Just that thing, that lucky
charm that Marinette gave me.
Ah, no, did I lose it? Again?
You mean this one?
You know, I lied too.
I lied to my mother
so we could see each other.
I even lied to her when I said
you came here with me tonight.
I lied at every fencing lesson
so we could spend
more time together. You see?
We're both liars.
Except, I lie
'cause I want to be with you.
You lie because
you don't want to be with me.
Kagami!
I'll go in first.
One simple lie
and trust crumbles to nothing.
And what if, in the end,
everything is just a lie?
Fly away, my evil akuma
and plague that deceived heart.
Lies, I am Shadow Moth.
I bestow on you the power
to rid the world of liars.
All I ask in return are Ladybug
and Cat Noir's Miraculous.
- Do I have your word?
- Trust me.
No more lies will be allowed
in my new world, Shadow Moth!
No!
This is all my fault.
I've gotta save Kagami.
Plagg, claws out.
♪ O p you're one year ,
♪ To us you're still
a real rock 'n' roller ♪
(Applause)
In the name of the law...
What is that?
I am Lies! Have you ever
told a lie, Agent Roger?
Of course not!
Policemen never lie!
You are a liar!
Help!
And you, Mother,
have you lied as well?
Kagami, I will not allow this!
Kaga...
Lies, stop this right now!
Oh, look,
let's see if this new candidate
can pass my lie-detector test.
I'm not lying when I say
I'll free you from Shadow Moth.
And I'm gonna help you, yeah!
- Get away, Jagged.
- I'm not afraid! I'm an artist!
I'm always keeping it real
with my fans!
That's not true!
You lie about your age!
Hey, this is not rock 'n' roll!
A world without lies will have
no need for super-heroes,
Cat Noir.
- Cata --
- No. If you touch the sphere,
- you'll freeze!
- Not if I've told the truth!
- Yeah, but is that the case?
- Hardly!
- How about you?
- Of course not, Kitty.
We're supposed to lie. If only
to keep our identities a secret.
If we touch that thing, there'll
be no one left to save Paris!
OK... so what do we do?
Lucky charm!
Can't wait to see
what you do with a drone!
OK, we can't go inside, but
I doubt this machine ever lied.
Which means... Keep her busy,
while I send this spy inside.
- We'll stay in touch.
- Your wish is my command,
and that's no lie.
Yoohoo! My name isn't Cat Noir!
I'm not a superhero!
I hate Ladybug
and I think that Shadow Moth
should have been called
Peacock Moth! Way funnier!
I forgot. My favourite dish is
cauliflower with béchamel sauce!
Lies, Catch that deceiving cat,
and seize his Miraculous!
You have my word, Shadow Moth.
Liars will always
have to pay in the end.
I know
what the akumatized item is.
Great, so break it!
How, when I can't touch it?
You're right,
only someone who's never lied
could do it!
But that doesn't exist!
Yes, it does, Cat Noir!
It does exist!
Fang, Jagged's crocodile!
He's never lied!
He's an animal.
He wouldn't know how!
You're right!
It's working!
(Woman screaming)
But if Lies sees him coming,
we're toast!
There are only two liars
left in Paris
and I know
how to catch her attention.
No way! Don't do it!
What if I fail?
You know what? I trust you.
Cat Noir, no!
You're completely crazy!
Crazy about you, Milady.
No, just plain crazy.
Reckless.
The moment of truth is near!
Grab Cat Noir's Miraculous,
then it'll be Ladybug's turn!
Hurry up!
Aaah!
No!
No more evildoing for you,
little akuma!
Time to de-evilise!
Gotcha!
Bye-bye, little butterfly.
Miraculous Ladybug!
Yeah!
Gah! Aaah!
Seriously! You've got to stop
doing this to me!
Yeah! But I can't resist
this little pout of yours
- when you bring me back!
- Hmm.
- Pound it!
Claws in!
(Sighs) Ladybug...
Oh, how romantic! I get it.
Even if I do love every cheese,
I always come back
to my favourite, camembert.
En garde! Prêts!
Allez!
Ouch!
Stop it! This is a fencing class
here, not a joust!
Fall out!
I'm really sorry I hurt you,
Kagami. You know,
all those wonderful times we had
together... they weren't lies.
I know.
I know
that you're hiding something,
but I also know that there is
sincerity in you, too.
So... can we still be friends?
How can you trust someone
who's lied to you?
When I'm ready to see you again,
I'll let you know.
You know the difference between
us and the rest of the world?
We can't be completely honest
with each other.
We keep secrets,
and sometimes we have to lie...
BOTH:
But we always trust each other.